# NIMHANS_Project
Consider the two packages:
## Classes
This package has the following modules:
* **ellipse.py**: Contains the class for the geometric figure of ellipse.
* **polygon.py**: Contains the Class for the geometric figure of a general polygon with a variable number of straight edges.
* **rectangle.py**: This class inherits from Polygon.
* **tile.py**: This class also inherits from Polygon. However, in addtion to the base functionality provided by the Polygon class, the Tile class can check whether it intersects, lies outside, lies inside a Polygon/Ellipse or if the Polygon/Ellipse lies completely inside the tile itself.
## Visualize
This package, as the name suggests, aids in visualization:
* **parseXML.py**: This file takes in an XML file generted from ImageScope and converts it into a .txt file with the columns - type of polygon, annotation name, followed by a series of vertices as x,y pairs. It is assumed that the first annotation in this file corresponds to the bounding box (region of interest) that we are considering, within which the other polygon/ellipse annotations of interset are present.
* **genTilesForRoi.py**: This file takes the .txt file generated by parseXML.py and genrates the tiles (provided the tilesize) that cover the bounding box.
* **labelStatus.py**: This file takes the tiles of interest and updates the status of the tiles with respect to a given annotation.
Status here indicates whether:
  * the tile lies completely outside the annotation.
  * the tile lies completely inside the annotation.
  * The tile intersects the annotation.
  * The annotation lies completely inside the tile.
* **createXML.py**: This file takes the tiles, annotations and generates an XML file to view as an overlay on WSI images in ImageScope.
* **visualizeTiles.py**: Provides a class that serves as a wrapper around all the other files in this package.

main.py is an example file to show how to run the files